components/message/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Feedback
noinstant: true
title: Message
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/hAkKTIW0K/Message.svg
---

Display global messages as feedback in response to user operations.

## When To Use

- To provide feedback such as success, warning, error etc.
- A message is displayed at top and center and will be dismissed automatically, as a non-interrupting light-weighted prompt.

## API

This components provides some static methods, with usage and arguments as following:

- `message.success(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.error(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.info(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.warning(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.warn(content, [duration], onClose)` // alias of warning
- `message.loading(content, [duration], onClose)`

| Argument | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| content | The content of the message | ReactNode \| config | - |
| duration | Time(seconds) before auto-dismiss, don't dismiss if set to 0 | number | 1.5 |
| onClose | Specify a function that will be called when the message is closed | function | - |

`afterClose` can be called in thenable interface:

- `message[level](content, [duration]).then(afterClose)`
- `message[level](content, [duration], onClose).then(afterClose)`

where `level` refers one static methods of `message`. The result of `then` method will be a Promise.

Supports passing parameters wrapped in an object:

- `message.open(config)`
- `message.success(config)`
- `message.error(config)`
- `message.info(config)`
- `message.warning(config)`
- `message.warn(config)` // alias of warning
- `message.loading(config)`

The properties of config are as follows:

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| className | Customized CSS class | string | - |
| content | The content of the message | ReactNode | - |
| duration | Time(seconds) before auto-dismiss, don't dismiss if set to 0 | number | 3 |
| icon | Customized Icon | ReactNode | - |
| key | The unique identifier of the Message | string \| number | - |
| style | Customized inline style | [CSSProperties](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/e434515761b36830c3e58a970abf5186f005adac/types/react/index.d.ts#L794) | - |
| onClose | Specify a function that will be called when the message is closed | function | - |

### Global static methods

Methods for global configuration and destruction are also provided:

- `message.config(options)`
- `message.destroy()`

> use `message.destroy(key)` to remove a message。

#### message.config

> When you use `ConfigProvider` for global configuration, the system will automatically start RTL mode by default.(4.3.0+)
>
> When you want to use it alone, you can start the RTL mode through the following settings.

```js
message.config({
  top: 100,
  duration: 2,
  maxCount: 3,
  rtl: true,
  prefixCls: 'my-message',
});
```

| Argument | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| duration | Time before auto-dismiss, in seconds | number | 1.5 |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Message | () => HTMLElement | () => document.body |  |
| maxCount | Max message show, drop oldest if exceed limit | number | - |  |
| prefixCls | The prefix className of message node | string | `ant-message` | 4.5.0 |
| rtl | Whether to enable RTL mode | boolean | false |  |
| top | Distance from top | number | 24 |  |

## FAQ

### Why I can not access context, redux, ConfigProvider `locale/prefixCls` in message?

antd will dynamic create React instance by `ReactDOM.render` when call message methods. Whose context is different with origin code located context.

When you need context info (like ConfigProvider context), you can use `message.useMessage` to get `api` instance and `contextHolder` node. And put it in your children:

```tsx
const [api, contextHolder] = message.useMessage();

return (
  <Context1.Provider value="Ant">
    {/* contextHolder is inside Context1 which means api will get value of Context1 */}
    {contextHolder}
    <Context2.Provider value="Design">
      {/* contextHolder is outside Context2 which means api will **not** get value of Context2 */}
    </Context2.Provider>
  </Context1.Provider>
);
```

**Note:** You must insert `contextHolder` into your children with hooks. You can use origin method if you do not need context connection.

Commit message:

feat: add onClick props to Message component (#28131) (#28148)
* feat(message): add onClick method to Message component (#28131)

* feat(message):  remove unnecessary onClick method implementation

* test(message): update onClick test

* feat(message): add event parameter

components/message/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Feedback
noinstant: true
title: Message
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/hAkKTIW0K/Message.svg
---

Display global messages as feedback in response to user operations.

## When To Use

- To provide feedback such as success, warning, error etc.
- A message is displayed at top and center and will be dismissed automatically, as a non-interrupting light-weighted prompt.

## API

This components provides some static methods, with usage and arguments as following:

- `message.success(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.error(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.info(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.warning(content, [duration], onClose)`
- `message.warn(content, [duration], onClose)` // alias of warning
- `message.loading(content, [duration], onClose)`

| Argument | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| content | The content of the message | ReactNode \| config | - |
| duration | Time(seconds) before auto-dismiss, don't dismiss if set to 0 | number | 1.5 |
| onClose | Specify a function that will be called when the message is closed | function | - |

`afterClose` can be called in thenable interface:

- `message[level](content, [duration]).then(afterClose)`
- `message[level](content, [duration], onClose).then(afterClose)`

where `level` refers one static methods of `message`. The result of `then` method will be a Promise.

Supports passing parameters wrapped in an object:

- `message.open(config)`
- `message.success(config)`
- `message.error(config)`
- `message.info(config)`
- `message.warning(config)`
- `message.warn(config)` // alias of warning
- `message.loading(config)`

The properties of config are as follows:

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| className | Customized CSS class | string | - |
| content | The content of the message | ReactNode | - |
| duration | Time(seconds) before auto-dismiss, don't dismiss if set to 0 | number | 3 |
| icon | Customized Icon | ReactNode | - |
| key | The unique identifier of the Message | string \| number | - |
| style | Customized inline style | [CSSProperties](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/e434515761b36830c3e58a970abf5186f005adac/types/react/index.d.ts#L794) | - |
| onClose | Specify a function that will be called when the message is closed | function | - |
| onClick | Specify a function that will be called when the message is clicked | function | - |

### Global static methods

Methods for global configuration and destruction are also provided:

- `message.config(options)`
- `message.destroy()`

> use `message.destroy(key)` to remove a message。

#### message.config

> When you use `ConfigProvider` for global configuration, the system will automatically start RTL mode by default.(4.3.0+)
>
> When you want to use it alone, you can start the RTL mode through the following settings.

```js
message.config({
  top: 100,
  duration: 2,
  maxCount: 3,
  rtl: true,
  prefixCls: 'my-message',
});
```

| Argument | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| duration | Time before auto-dismiss, in seconds | number | 1.5 |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Message | () => HTMLElement | () => document.body |  |
| maxCount | Max message show, drop oldest if exceed limit | number | - |  |
| prefixCls | The prefix className of message node | string | `ant-message` | 4.5.0 |
| rtl | Whether to enable RTL mode | boolean | false |  |
| top | Distance from top | number | 24 |  |

## FAQ

### Why I can not access context, redux, ConfigProvider `locale/prefixCls` in message?

antd will dynamic create React instance by `ReactDOM.render` when call message methods. Whose context is different with origin code located context.

When you need context info (like ConfigProvider context), you can use `message.useMessage` to get `api` instance and `contextHolder` node. And put it in your children:

```tsx
const [api, contextHolder] = message.useMessage();

return (
  <Context1.Provider value="Ant">
    {/* contextHolder is inside Context1 which means api will get value of Context1 */}
    {contextHolder}
    <Context2.Provider value="Design">
      {/* contextHolder is outside Context2 which means api will **not** get value of Context2 */}
    </Context2.Provider>
  </Context1.Provider>
);
```

**Note:** You must insert `contextHolder` into your children with hooks. You can use origin method if you do not need context connection.
