components/collapse/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: Collapse
cols: 1
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/IxH16B9RD/Collapse.svg
---

A content area which can be collapsed and expanded.

## When To Use

- Can be used to group or hide complex regions to keep the page clean.
- `Accordion` is a special kind of `Collapse`, which allows only one panel to be expanded at a time.

## API

### Collapse

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| accordion | If true, Collapse renders as Accordion | boolean | false |  |
| activeKey | Key of the active panel | string\[] \| string <br/> number\[] \| number | No default value. In `accordion` mode, it's the key of the first panel |  |
| bordered | Toggles rendering of the border around the collapse block | boolean | true |  |
| defaultActiveKey | Key of the initial active panel | string\[] \| string <br/> number\[] \| number | - |  |
| destroyInactivePanel | Destroy Inactive Panel | boolean | false |  |
| expandIcon | Allow to customize collapse icon | (panelProps) => ReactNode | - |  |
| expandIconPosition | Set expand icon position | `left` \| `right` | - |  |
| ghost | Make the collapse borderless and its background transparent | boolean | false | 4.4.0 |
| onChange | Callback function executed when active panel is changed | function | - |  |

### Collapse.Panel

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| disabled | If true, panel cannot be opened or closed | boolean | false |  |
| extra | The extra element in the corner | ReactNode | - |  |
| forceRender | Forced render of content on panel, instead of lazy rending after clicking on header | boolean | false |  |
| header | Title of the panel | ReactNode | - |  |
| key | Unique key identifying the panel from among its siblings | string \| number | - |  |
| showArrow | If false, panel will not show arrow icon | boolean | true |  |

Commit message:

feat: suport collapsible and deprecated disabled of Panel

components/collapse/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: Collapse
cols: 1
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/IxH16B9RD/Collapse.svg
---

A content area which can be collapsed and expanded.

## When To Use

- Can be used to group or hide complex regions to keep the page clean.
- `Accordion` is a special kind of `Collapse`, which allows only one panel to be expanded at a time.

## API

### Collapse

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| accordion | If true, Collapse renders as Accordion | boolean | false |  |
| activeKey | Key of the active panel | string\[] \| string <br/> number\[] \| number | No default value. In `accordion` mode, it's the key of the first panel |  |
| bordered | Toggles rendering of the border around the collapse block | boolean | true |  |
| collapsible | Specify whether the panels of children be collapsible or the trigger area of collapsible | boolean \| `header` | true | 4.9.0 |
| defaultActiveKey | Key of the initial active panel | string\[] \| string <br/> number\[] \| number | - |  |
| destroyInactivePanel | Destroy Inactive Panel | boolean | false |  |
| expandIcon | Allow to customize collapse icon | (panelProps) => ReactNode | - |  |
| expandIconPosition | Set expand icon position | `left` \| `right` | - |  |
| ghost | Make the collapse borderless and its background transparent | boolean | false | 4.4.0 |
| onChange | Callback function executed when active panel is changed | function | - |  |

### Collapse.Panel

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| collapsible | Specify whether the panel be collapsible or the trigger area of collapsible | boolean \| `header` | true | 4.9.0 |
| disabled | If true, panel cannot be opened or closed | boolean | false |  |
| extra | The extra element in the corner | ReactNode | - |  |
| forceRender | Forced render of content on panel, instead of lazy rending after clicking on header | boolean | false |  |
| header | Title of the panel | ReactNode | - |  |
| key | Unique key identifying the panel from among its siblings | string \| number | - |  |
| showArrow | If false, panel will not show arrow icon | boolean | true |  |
