components/modal/index.en-US.md, before:

---
type: Feedback
category: Components
title: Modal
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/3StSdUlSH/Modal.svg
---

Modal dialogs.

## When To Use

When requiring users to interact with the application, but without jumping to a new page and interrupting the user's workflow, you can use `Modal` to create a new floating layer over the current page to get user feedback or display information. Additionally, if you need show a simple confirmation dialog, you can use `antd.Modal.confirm()`, and so on.

## API

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| afterClose | Specify a function that will be called when modal is closed completely | function | - |  |
| bodyStyle | Body style for modal body element. Such as height, padding etc | CSSProperties |  |  |
| cancelButtonProps | The cancel button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| cancelText | Text of the Cancel button | ReactNode | `Cancel` |  |
| centered | Centered Modal | boolean | false |  |
| closable | Whether a close (x) button is visible on top right of the modal dialog or not | boolean | true |  |
| closeIcon | Custom close icon | ReactNode | &lt;CloseOutlined /> |  |
| confirmLoading | Whether to apply loading visual effect for OK button or not | boolean | false |  |
| destroyOnClose | Whether to unmount child components on onClose | boolean | false |  |
| footer | Footer content, set as `footer={null}` when you don't need default buttons | ReactNode | (OK and Cancel buttons) |  |
| forceRender | Force render Modal | boolean | false |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Modal | HTMLElement \| () => HTMLElement \| Selectors \| false | document.body |  |
| keyboard | Whether support press esc to close | boolean | true |  |
| mask | Whether show mask or not | boolean | true |  |
| maskClosable | Whether to close the modal dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | boolean | true |  |
| maskStyle | Style for modal's mask element | CSSProperties |  |  |
| modalRender | Custom modal content render | (node: ReactNode) => ReactNode | - | 4.7.0 |
| okButtonProps | The ok button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| okText | Text of the OK button | ReactNode | `OK` |  |
| okType | Button `type` of the OK button | string | `primary` |  |
| style | Style of floating layer, typically used at least for adjusting the position | CSSProperties | - |  |
| title | The modal dialog's title | ReactNode | - |  |
| visible | Whether the modal dialog is visible or not | boolean | false |  |
| width | Width of the modal dialog | string \| number | 520 |  |
| wrapClassName | The class name of the container of the modal dialog | string | - |  |
| zIndex | The `z-index` of the Modal | number | 1000 |  |
| onCancel | Specify a function that will be called when a user clicks mask, close button on top right or Cancel button | function(e) | - |  |
| onOk | Specify a function that will be called when a user clicks the OK button | function(e) | - |  |

#### Note

- The state of Modal will be preserved at it's component lifecycle by default, if you wish to open it with a brand new state everytime, set `destroyOnClose` on it.
- There is a situation that using `<Modal />` with Form, which won't clear fields value when closing Modal even you have set `destroyOnClose`. You need `<Form preserve={false} />` in this case.
- `Modal.method()` RTL mode only supports hooks.

### Modal.method()

There are five ways to display the information based on the content's nature:

- `Modal.info`
- `Modal.success`
- `Modal.error`
- `Modal.warning`
- `Modal.confirm`

The items listed above are all functions, expecting a settings object as parameter. The properties of the object are follows:

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| autoFocusButton | Specify which button to autofocus | null \| `ok` \| `cancel` | `ok` |  |
| bodyStyle | Body style for modal body element. Such as height, padding etc | CSSProperties |  | 4.8.0 |
| cancelButtonProps | The cancel button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| cancelText | Text of the Cancel button with Modal.confirm | string | `Cancel` |  |
| centered | Centered Modal | boolean | false |  |
| className | The className of container | string | - |  |
| closeIcon | Custom close icon | ReactNode | undefined | 4.9.0 |
| content | Content | ReactNode | - |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Modal | HTMLElement \| () => HTMLElement \| Selectors \| false | document.body |  |
| icon | Custom icon | ReactNode | &lt;QuestionCircle /> | 3.12.0 |
| keyboard | Whether support press esc to close | boolean | true |  |
| mask | Whether show mask or not. | boolean | true |  |
| maskClosable | Whether to close the modal dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | boolean | false |  |
| maskStyle | Style for modal's mask element | object | {} |  |
| okButtonProps | The ok button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| okText | Text of the OK button | string | `OK` |  |
| okType | Button `type` of the OK button | string | `primary` |  |
| style | Style of floating layer, typically used at least for adjusting the position | CSSProperties | - |  |
| title | Title | ReactNode | - |  |
| width | Width of the modal dialog | string \| number | 416 |  |
| zIndex | The `z-index` of the Modal | number | 1000 |  |
| onCancel | Specify a function that will be called when the user clicks the Cancel button. The parameter of this function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will also be closed | function(close) | - |  |
| onOk | Specify a function that will be called when the user clicks the OK button. The parameter of this function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will also be closed | function(close) | - |  |

All the `Modal.method`s will return a reference, and then we can update and close the modal dialog by the reference.

```jsx
const modal = Modal.info();

modal.update({
  title: 'Updated title',
  content: 'Updated content',
});

// on 4.8.0 or above, you can pass a function to update modal
modal.update(prevConfig => ({
  ...prevConfig,
  title: `${prevConfig.title} (New)`,
}));

modal.destroy();
```

- `Modal.destroyAll`

`Modal.destroyAll()` could destroy all confirmation modal dialogs(Modal.info/Modal.success/Modal.error/Modal.warning/Modal.confirm). Usually, you can use it in router change event to destroy confirm modal dialog automatically without use modal reference to close( it's too complex to use for all modal dialogs)

```jsx
import { browserHistory } from 'react-router';

// router change
browserHistory.listen(() => {
  Modal.destroyAll();
});
```

### Modal.useModal()

When you need using Context, you can use `contextHolder` which created by `Modal.useModal` to insert into children. Modal created by hooks will get all the context where `contextHolder` are. Created `modal` has the same creating function with `Modal.method`](&lt;#Modal.method()>).

```jsx
const [modal, contextHolder] = Modal.useModal();

React.useEffect(() => {
  modal.confirm({
    // ...
  });
}, []);

return <div>{contextHolder}</div>;
```

### Modal.config() `4.5.0+`

Like `message.config()`, `Modal.config()` could set `Modal.confirm` props globally (such as `prefixCls`), and it will affect `Modal.confirm|success|info|error|warning` **static methods only**.

```jsx
Modal.config({
  rootPrefixCls: 'ant',
});
```

## FAQ

### Why I can not access context, redux, ConfigProvider `locale/prefixCls` in Modal.xxx?

antd will dynamic create React instance by `ReactDOM.render` when call Modal methods. Whose context is different with origin code located context.

When you need context info (like ConfigProvider context), you can use `Modal.useModal` to get `modal` instance and `contextHolder` node. And put it in your children:

```tsx
const [modal, contextHolder] = Modal.useModal();

// then call modal.confirm instead of Modal.confirm

return (
  <Context1.Provider value="Ant">
    {/* contextHolder is in Context1 which mean modal will not get context of Context1 */}
    {contextHolder}
    <Context2.Provider value="Design">
      {/* contextHolder is out of Context2 which mean modal will not get context of Context2 */}
    </Context2.Provider>
  </Context1.Provider>
);
```

**Note:** You must insert `contextHolder` into your children with hooks. You can use origin method if you do not need context connection.

### How to disable motion?

You can config `transitionName=""` and `maskTransitionName=""` to remove motion class. But you should note that these prop is internal usage which we don't promise exist in next major version.

Commit message:

feat: add closable api for ConfirmDialog

components/modal/index.en-US.md, after:

---
type: Feedback
category: Components
title: Modal
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/3StSdUlSH/Modal.svg
---

Modal dialogs.

## When To Use

When requiring users to interact with the application, but without jumping to a new page and interrupting the user's workflow, you can use `Modal` to create a new floating layer over the current page to get user feedback or display information. Additionally, if you need show a simple confirmation dialog, you can use `antd.Modal.confirm()`, and so on.

## API

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| afterClose | Specify a function that will be called when modal is closed completely | function | - |  |
| bodyStyle | Body style for modal body element. Such as height, padding etc | CSSProperties |  |  |
| cancelButtonProps | The cancel button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| cancelText | Text of the Cancel button | ReactNode | `Cancel` |  |
| centered | Centered Modal | boolean | false |  |
| closable | Whether a close (x) button is visible on top right of the modal dialog or not | boolean | true |  |
| closeIcon | Custom close icon | ReactNode | &lt;CloseOutlined /> |  |
| confirmLoading | Whether to apply loading visual effect for OK button or not | boolean | false |  |
| destroyOnClose | Whether to unmount child components on onClose | boolean | false |  |
| footer | Footer content, set as `footer={null}` when you don't need default buttons | ReactNode | (OK and Cancel buttons) |  |
| forceRender | Force render Modal | boolean | false |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Modal | HTMLElement \| () => HTMLElement \| Selectors \| false | document.body |  |
| keyboard | Whether support press esc to close | boolean | true |  |
| mask | Whether show mask or not | boolean | true |  |
| maskClosable | Whether to close the modal dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | boolean | true |  |
| maskStyle | Style for modal's mask element | CSSProperties |  |  |
| modalRender | Custom modal content render | (node: ReactNode) => ReactNode | - | 4.7.0 |
| okButtonProps | The ok button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| okText | Text of the OK button | ReactNode | `OK` |  |
| okType | Button `type` of the OK button | string | `primary` |  |
| style | Style of floating layer, typically used at least for adjusting the position | CSSProperties | - |  |
| title | The modal dialog's title | ReactNode | - |  |
| visible | Whether the modal dialog is visible or not | boolean | false |  |
| width | Width of the modal dialog | string \| number | 520 |  |
| wrapClassName | The class name of the container of the modal dialog | string | - |  |
| zIndex | The `z-index` of the Modal | number | 1000 |  |
| onCancel | Specify a function that will be called when a user clicks mask, close button on top right or Cancel button | function(e) | - |  |
| onOk | Specify a function that will be called when a user clicks the OK button | function(e) | - |  |

#### Note

- The state of Modal will be preserved at it's component lifecycle by default, if you wish to open it with a brand new state everytime, set `destroyOnClose` on it.
- There is a situation that using `<Modal />` with Form, which won't clear fields value when closing Modal even you have set `destroyOnClose`. You need `<Form preserve={false} />` in this case.
- `Modal.method()` RTL mode only supports hooks.

### Modal.method()

There are five ways to display the information based on the content's nature:

- `Modal.info`
- `Modal.success`
- `Modal.error`
- `Modal.warning`
- `Modal.confirm`

The items listed above are all functions, expecting a settings object as parameter. The properties of the object are follows:

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| autoFocusButton | Specify which button to autofocus | null \| `ok` \| `cancel` | `ok` |  |
| bodyStyle | Body style for modal body element. Such as height, padding etc | CSSProperties |  | 4.8.0 |
| cancelButtonProps | The cancel button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| cancelText | Text of the Cancel button with Modal.confirm | string | `Cancel` |  |
| centered | Centered Modal | boolean | false |  |
| className | The className of container | string | - |  |
| closable | Whether a close (x) button is visible on top right of the confirm dialog or not | boolean | false | 4.9.0 |
| closeIcon | Custom close icon | ReactNode | undefined | 4.9.0 |
| content | Content | ReactNode | - |  |
| getContainer | Return the mount node for Modal | HTMLElement \| () => HTMLElement \| Selectors \| false | document.body |  |
| icon | Custom icon | ReactNode | &lt;QuestionCircle /> | 3.12.0 |
| keyboard | Whether support press esc to close | boolean | true |  |
| mask | Whether show mask or not. | boolean | true |  |
| maskClosable | Whether to close the modal dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | boolean | false |  |
| maskStyle | Style for modal's mask element | object | {} |  |
| okButtonProps | The ok button props | [ButtonProps](/components/button/#API) | - |  |
| okText | Text of the OK button | string | `OK` |  |
| okType | Button `type` of the OK button | string | `primary` |  |
| style | Style of floating layer, typically used at least for adjusting the position | CSSProperties | - |  |
| title | Title | ReactNode | - |  |
| width | Width of the modal dialog | string \| number | 416 |  |
| zIndex | The `z-index` of the Modal | number | 1000 |  |
| onCancel | Specify a function that will be called when the user clicks the Cancel button. The parameter of this function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will also be closed | function(close) | - |  |
| onOk | Specify a function that will be called when the user clicks the OK button. The parameter of this function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will also be closed | function(close) | - |  |

All the `Modal.method`s will return a reference, and then we can update and close the modal dialog by the reference.

```jsx
const modal = Modal.info();

modal.update({
  title: 'Updated title',
  content: 'Updated content',
});

// on 4.8.0 or above, you can pass a function to update modal
modal.update(prevConfig => ({
  ...prevConfig,
  title: `${prevConfig.title} (New)`,
}));

modal.destroy();
```

- `Modal.destroyAll`

`Modal.destroyAll()` could destroy all confirmation modal dialogs(Modal.info/Modal.success/Modal.error/Modal.warning/Modal.confirm). Usually, you can use it in router change event to destroy confirm modal dialog automatically without use modal reference to close( it's too complex to use for all modal dialogs)

```jsx
import { browserHistory } from 'react-router';

// router change
browserHistory.listen(() => {
  Modal.destroyAll();
});
```

### Modal.useModal()

When you need using Context, you can use `contextHolder` which created by `Modal.useModal` to insert into children. Modal created by hooks will get all the context where `contextHolder` are. Created `modal` has the same creating function with `Modal.method`](&lt;#Modal.method()>).

```jsx
const [modal, contextHolder] = Modal.useModal();

React.useEffect(() => {
  modal.confirm({
    // ...
  });
}, []);

return <div>{contextHolder}</div>;
```

### Modal.config() `4.5.0+`

Like `message.config()`, `Modal.config()` could set `Modal.confirm` props globally (such as `prefixCls`), and it will affect `Modal.confirm|success|info|error|warning` **static methods only**.

```jsx
Modal.config({
  rootPrefixCls: 'ant',
});
```

## FAQ

### Why I can not access context, redux, ConfigProvider `locale/prefixCls` in Modal.xxx?

antd will dynamic create React instance by `ReactDOM.render` when call Modal methods. Whose context is different with origin code located context.

When you need context info (like ConfigProvider context), you can use `Modal.useModal` to get `modal` instance and `contextHolder` node. And put it in your children:

```tsx
const [modal, contextHolder] = Modal.useModal();

// then call modal.confirm instead of Modal.confirm

return (
  <Context1.Provider value="Ant">
    {/* contextHolder is in Context1 which mean modal will not get context of Context1 */}
    {contextHolder}
    <Context2.Provider value="Design">
      {/* contextHolder is out of Context2 which mean modal will not get context of Context2 */}
    </Context2.Provider>
  </Context1.Provider>
);
```

**Note:** You must insert `contextHolder` into your children with hooks. You can use origin method if you do not need context connection.

### How to disable motion?

You can config `transitionName=""` and `maskTransitionName=""` to remove motion class. But you should note that these prop is internal usage which we don't promise exist in next major version.
