docs/resources.en-US.md, before:

---
order: 1
title: Resources
toc: false
---

Here list all the resources that related with Ant Design.

---

## Design Resources

Please find below some of the design resources and tools about Ant Design that we consider valuable. More of this is still being collected. You can leave feedback about Sketch Symbols [here](https://www.yuque.com/kitchen/topics/216).

<div class="next-block-use-cards"></div>

- RENEW Sketch Symbols
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/048ee28f-2c80-4d15-9aa3-4f5ddac50465.svg
  - Sketch Symbols for Desktop
  - https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/releases/download/resource/Ant.Design.Components.4.0.zip
- Mobile Components
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/c0c3852c-d245-4330-886b-cb02ef49eb6d.svg
  - Sketch Symbols File for Mobile
  - http://p.tb.cn/rmsportal_3436_AntDesignMobile_20Template_20V1.0.sketch
- Ant Design Pro
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/5edc7f4d-3302-4710-963b-7b6c77ea8d06.svg
  - Common Templates and Pages
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/os/antfincdn/wg3CvIX6Q9/Ant_Design_Pro_4.0.sketch
- Ant Design Library
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/90740380-bbb7-4329-95e5-64533934c6cf.svg
  - A powerful Axure library
  - http://library.ant.design
- Kitchen
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/d475d063-2754-4442-b9db-5d164e06acc9.svg
  - A Sketch plugin collection
  - http://kitchen.alipay.com
- Ant Design Landing
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/b443f4be-5116-49b7-873f-a7c8502b8f0e.svg
  - Landing Templates
  - https://landing.ant.design/docs/download-cn
- Ant UX
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/51682163-e01a-46fe-810c-ac0062379717.svg
  - A set of page logic prototype libraries
  - http://ux.ant.design
- Ant Design Prototype (xiaopiu)
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/77e6a9ae-24a9-4be6-be42-f7fa8ee0eecf.svg
  - Online library and prototype
  - https://www.xiaopiu.com/topic/ant-design
- UI Kit for Figma
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/7b9ed3f2-6f05-4ddb-bac3-d55feb71e0ac.svg
  - Library of components for Desktop
  - https://www.antforfigma.com
- Figma Open Source Library
  - https://i.imgur.com/kopdWeX.png
  - Free open source Figma library with complete accrate to code components
  - https://www.figma.com/community/file/831698976089873405
- Ant Design Chart
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/a9dc586a-fe0a-4c7d-ab4f-f5ed779b963d.svg
  - Sketch Symbols for Chart
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/os/bmw-prod/704968a5-2641-484e-9f65-c2735b2c0287.sketch
- MockingBot
  - https://cdn.modao.cc/logo_mockingbot.svg
  - Rich component resources
  - https://modao.cc/square/ant-design

## Articles

Do you want to know the story behind the Ant Design design system? How can I better apply Ant Design? You can check out our well selected articles below. Also welcome to follow [Ant Design Official Column](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/antdesign). There are often the latest sharing and discussions on related topics under the Ant Design design system, such as Ant Design, AntV visualization, Kitchen design Plug-ins, B-side product design, SaaS product design, natural interaction, growth design, intelligent design, design engineering, etc.

## Reference

Please find below the books that inspired us, saved our time and helped us to overcome difficulties when designing components and patterns. If you want to know more about UI design, we recommend you these awesome design systems: [Fiori Design](https://experience.sap.com/fiori-design-web/), [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/overview/themes/), [Lightning Design System](https://lightningdesignsystem.com/getting-started/), [Material Design](https://material.io/).

<div class="next-block-use-cards"></div>

- About Face 4 #C7EBD6
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*GA-CRIRqKjgAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - The Interactive Design Guide for Digital Products and System
  - https://www.wiley.com/en-sg/About+Face%3A+The+Essentials+of+Interaction+Design%2C+4th+Edition-p-9781118766576
- Designing Web Interfaces #009C94
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*KK2xSJu0M80AAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Best Practice, Patterns and Principles for Web Interface
  - http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596516253.do
- Designing Interfaces #9489CF
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*slN2QpTvIs0AAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Interface Design Guidelines
  - https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Interfaces-Patterns-Effective-Interaction/dp/1449379702/ref=pd_sbs_14_t_1/131-2623973-6077764?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=1449379702&pd_rd_r=ebe12a8d-435f-474b-a593-72aadf26c45a&pd_rd_w=18rob&pd_rd_wg=bhRFl&pf_rd_p=5cfcfe89-300f-47d2-b1ad-a4e27203a02a&pf_rd_r=8V8CD0EE336ZZEG15DEN&psc=1&refRID=8V8CD0EE336ZZEG15DEN
- Non-Designer's Design Book, The, 4th Edition #FAF0CD
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*1HbNSIju7pEAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Basic Principles of Good Design
  - http://www.peachpit.com/store/non-designers-design-book-9780133966152
- The Design of Everyday Things #F8F3D1
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*4woBSLvOjfMAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - About the People-oriented Design Philosophy
  - https://jnd.org/the-design-of-everyday-things-revised-and-expanded-edition/
- Emotional Design #E8EEB4
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*6ZQJQoKRORsAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Explain the Role of Emotional Factors in Design
  - https://www.amazon.com/Emotional-Design-Love-Everyday-Things/dp/0465051367
- Web Form Design #C2DAED
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*VhhwRo7axKQAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - The Essence of Form Design
  - https://rosenfeldmedia.com/books/web-form-design/

Commit message:

Added UI kit for Adobe XD to Resources page

docs/resources.en-US.md, after:

---
order: 1
title: Resources
toc: false
---

Here list all the resources that related with Ant Design.

---

## Design Resources

Please find below some of the design resources and tools about Ant Design that we consider valuable. More of this is still being collected. You can leave feedback about Sketch Symbols [here](https://www.yuque.com/kitchen/topics/216).

<div class="next-block-use-cards"></div>

- RENEW Sketch Symbols
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/048ee28f-2c80-4d15-9aa3-4f5ddac50465.svg
  - Sketch Symbols for Desktop
  - https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/releases/download/resource/Ant.Design.Components.4.0.zip
- Mobile Components
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/c0c3852c-d245-4330-886b-cb02ef49eb6d.svg
  - Sketch Symbols File for Mobile
  - http://p.tb.cn/rmsportal_3436_AntDesignMobile_20Template_20V1.0.sketch
- Ant Design Pro
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/5edc7f4d-3302-4710-963b-7b6c77ea8d06.svg
  - Common Templates and Pages
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/os/antfincdn/wg3CvIX6Q9/Ant_Design_Pro_4.0.sketch
- Ant Design Library
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/90740380-bbb7-4329-95e5-64533934c6cf.svg
  - A powerful Axure library
  - http://library.ant.design
- Kitchen
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/d475d063-2754-4442-b9db-5d164e06acc9.svg
  - A Sketch plugin collection
  - http://kitchen.alipay.com
- Ant Design Landing
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/b443f4be-5116-49b7-873f-a7c8502b8f0e.svg
  - Landing Templates
  - https://landing.ant.design/docs/download-cn
- Ant UX
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/51682163-e01a-46fe-810c-ac0062379717.svg
  - A set of page logic prototype libraries
  - http://ux.ant.design
- Ant Design Prototype (xiaopiu)
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/77e6a9ae-24a9-4be6-be42-f7fa8ee0eecf.svg
  - Online library and prototype
  - https://www.xiaopiu.com/topic/ant-design
- UI Kit for Figma
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/7b9ed3f2-6f05-4ddb-bac3-d55feb71e0ac.svg
  - Library of components for Desktop
  - https://www.antforfigma.com
- UI Kit for Adobe XD
  - https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5ecbd337fe499992c9ed75ba/5f2a7a30f3e817085cec5ac9_ant-xd-svg.svg
  - Library of components for Desktop
  - https://gumroad.com/l/antdesign-xd
- Figma Open Source Library
  - https://i.imgur.com/kopdWeX.png
  - Free open source Figma library with complete accrate to code components
  - https://www.figma.com/community/file/831698976089873405
- Ant Design Chart
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/basement_prod/a9dc586a-fe0a-4c7d-ab4f-f5ed779b963d.svg
  - Sketch Symbols for Chart
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/os/bmw-prod/704968a5-2641-484e-9f65-c2735b2c0287.sketch
- MockingBot
  - https://cdn.modao.cc/logo_mockingbot.svg
  - Rich component resources
  - https://modao.cc/square/ant-design

## Articles

Do you want to know the story behind the Ant Design design system? How can I better apply Ant Design? You can check out our well selected articles below. Also welcome to follow [Ant Design Official Column](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/antdesign). There are often the latest sharing and discussions on related topics under the Ant Design design system, such as Ant Design, AntV visualization, Kitchen design Plug-ins, B-side product design, SaaS product design, natural interaction, growth design, intelligent design, design engineering, etc.

## Reference

Please find below the books that inspired us, saved our time and helped us to overcome difficulties when designing components and patterns. If you want to know more about UI design, we recommend you these awesome design systems: [Fiori Design](https://experience.sap.com/fiori-design-web/), [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/overview/themes/), [Lightning Design System](https://lightningdesignsystem.com/getting-started/), [Material Design](https://material.io/).

<div class="next-block-use-cards"></div>

- About Face 4 #C7EBD6
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*GA-CRIRqKjgAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - The Interactive Design Guide for Digital Products and System
  - https://www.wiley.com/en-sg/About+Face%3A+The+Essentials+of+Interaction+Design%2C+4th+Edition-p-9781118766576
- Designing Web Interfaces #009C94
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*KK2xSJu0M80AAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Best Practice, Patterns and Principles for Web Interface
  - http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596516253.do
- Designing Interfaces #9489CF
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*slN2QpTvIs0AAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Interface Design Guidelines
  - https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Interfaces-Patterns-Effective-Interaction/dp/1449379702/ref=pd_sbs_14_t_1/131-2623973-6077764?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=1449379702&pd_rd_r=ebe12a8d-435f-474b-a593-72aadf26c45a&pd_rd_w=18rob&pd_rd_wg=bhRFl&pf_rd_p=5cfcfe89-300f-47d2-b1ad-a4e27203a02a&pf_rd_r=8V8CD0EE336ZZEG15DEN&psc=1&refRID=8V8CD0EE336ZZEG15DEN
- Non-Designer's Design Book, The, 4th Edition #FAF0CD
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*1HbNSIju7pEAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Basic Principles of Good Design
  - http://www.peachpit.com/store/non-designers-design-book-9780133966152
- The Design of Everyday Things #F8F3D1
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*4woBSLvOjfMAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - About the People-oriented Design Philosophy
  - https://jnd.org/the-design-of-everyday-things-revised-and-expanded-edition/
- Emotional Design #E8EEB4
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*6ZQJQoKRORsAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - Explain the Role of Emotional Factors in Design
  - https://www.amazon.com/Emotional-Design-Love-Everyday-Things/dp/0465051367
- Web Form Design #C2DAED
  - https://gw.alipayobjects.com/mdn/rms_08e378/afts/img/A*VhhwRo7axKQAAAAAAAAAAABkARQnAQ
  - The Essence of Form Design
  - https://rosenfeldmedia.com/books/web-form-design/
