docs/react/replace-moment.en-US.md, before:

---
order: 7.1
title: Replace Moment.js
---

## How to use DatePicker with a custom date library like dayjs

Considering it's bundle size, you might want to replace Moment.js with a different date library of your choice. We provide two ways to customize which date library is used:

### Custom component

The first way is use `generatePicker` (or `generateCalendar`) helps to create Picker components.

First, we initialize an antd demo with `create-react-app`. You can refer to [Use in TypeScript](/docs/react/use-in-typescript), or you can start directly here [init antd](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/commit/47fec964e36d48bd15760f8f5abcb9655c259aa6)

#### DatePicker.tsx

Create `src/components/DatePicker.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import dayjsGenerateConfig from 'rc-picker/lib/generate/dayjs';
import generatePicker from 'antd/es/date-picker/generatePicker';
import 'antd/es/date-picker/style/index';

const DatePicker = generatePicker<Dayjs>(dayjsGenerateConfig);

export default DatePicker;
```

#### TimePicker.tsx

Create `src/components/TimePicker.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import * as React from 'react';
import DatePicker from './DatePicker';
import { PickerTimeProps } from 'antd/es/date-picker/generatePicker';
import { Omit } from 'antd/es/_util/type';

export interface TimePickerProps extends Omit<PickerTimeProps<Dayjs>, 'picker'> {}

const TimePicker = React.forwardRef<any, TimePickerProps>((props, ref) => {
  return <DatePicker {...props} picker="time" mode={undefined} ref={ref} />;
});

TimePicker.displayName = 'TimePicker';

export default TimePicker;
```

#### Calendar.tsx

Create `src/components/Calendar.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import dayjsGenerateConfig from 'rc-picker/lib/generate/dayjs';
import generateCalendar from 'antd/es/calendar/generateCalendar';
import 'antd/es/calendar/style';

const Calendar = generateCalendar<Dayjs>(dayjsGenerateConfig);

export default Calendar;
```

#### Export Custom component

Create `src/components/index.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
export { default as DatePicker } from './DatePicker';
export { default as Calendar } from './Calendar';
export { default as TimePicker } from './TimePicker';
```

#### Use Custom component

Modify `src/App.tsx`,import `dayjs` and custom component.

```diff
- import { DatePicker, Calendar } from 'antd';
- import format from 'moment';

+ import { DatePicker, TimePicker, Calendar } from './components';
+ import format from 'dayjs';
```

If the above steps do not work correctly, you can refer to [antd4-generate-picker/antd-ts](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/tree/master/antd-ts).

If you need JavaScript code, you can refer to [antd4-generate-picker/antd-demo](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/tree/master/antd-demo).

If you use [umi](https://umijs.org/), you can reference [antd4-use-dayjs-replace-moment](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-use-dayjs-replace-moment).

### Webpack plugin

We also provide another implementation, which we provide with `antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin`, replacing `momentjs` with `Day.js` directly without changing a line of existing code. More info can be found at [antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/ant-design/antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin).

Commit message:

feat: support date-fns in Picker (#25822)
* feat: support in date-fns in Picker

* add document

* feat: add docs

* fix document

* update

docs/react/replace-moment.en-US.md, after:

---
order: 7.1
title: Replace Moment.js
---

## How to use DatePicker with a custom date library like dayjs

Considering it's bundle size, you might want to replace Moment.js with a different date library (now support dayjs and date-fns) of your choice. We provide two ways to customize which date library is used:

### Custom component

The first way is use `generatePicker` (or `generateCalendar`) helps to create Picker components.

First, we initialize an antd demo with `create-react-app`. You can refer to [Use in TypeScript](/docs/react/use-in-typescript), or you can start directly here [init antd](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/commit/47fec964e36d48bd15760f8f5abcb9655c259aa6)

#### DatePicker.tsx

Create `src/components/DatePicker.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import dayjsGenerateConfig from 'rc-picker/lib/generate/dayjs';
import generatePicker from 'antd/es/date-picker/generatePicker';
import 'antd/es/date-picker/style/index';

const DatePicker = generatePicker<Dayjs>(dayjsGenerateConfig);

export default DatePicker;
```

#### TimePicker.tsx

Create `src/components/TimePicker.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import * as React from 'react';
import DatePicker from './DatePicker';
import { PickerTimeProps } from 'antd/es/date-picker/generatePicker';
import { Omit } from 'antd/es/_util/type';

export interface TimePickerProps extends Omit<PickerTimeProps<Dayjs>, 'picker'> {}

const TimePicker = React.forwardRef<any, TimePickerProps>((props, ref) => {
  return <DatePicker {...props} picker="time" mode={undefined} ref={ref} />;
});

TimePicker.displayName = 'TimePicker';

export default TimePicker;
```

#### Calendar.tsx

Create `src/components/Calendar.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
import { Dayjs } from 'dayjs';
import dayjsGenerateConfig from 'rc-picker/lib/generate/dayjs';
import generateCalendar from 'antd/es/calendar/generateCalendar';
import 'antd/es/calendar/style';

const Calendar = generateCalendar<Dayjs>(dayjsGenerateConfig);

export default Calendar;
```

#### Export Custom component

Create `src/components/index.tsx`.

For example:

```tsx
export { default as DatePicker } from './DatePicker';
export { default as Calendar } from './Calendar';
export { default as TimePicker } from './TimePicker';
```

#### Use Custom component

Modify `src/App.tsx`,import `dayjs` and custom component.

```diff
- import { DatePicker, Calendar } from 'antd';
- import format from 'moment';

+ import { DatePicker, TimePicker, Calendar } from './components';
+ import format from 'dayjs';
```

If the above steps do not work correctly, you can refer to [antd4-generate-picker/antd-ts](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/tree/master/antd-ts).

If you need JavaScript code, you can refer to [antd4-generate-picker/antd-demo](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-generate-picker/tree/master/antd-demo).

If you use [umi](https://umijs.org/), you can reference [antd4-use-dayjs-replace-moment](https://github.com/xiaohuoni/antd4-use-dayjs-replace-moment).

### Webpack plugin

We also provide another implementation, which we provide with `antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin`, replacing `momentjs` with `Day.js` directly without changing a line of existing code. More info can be found at [antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/ant-design/antd-dayjs-webpack-plugin).

## Use date-fns

`date-fns` currently supports custom component methods similar to `dayjs`. The difference is that the parameter types used are different. Support is provided in antd 4.5.0 and above.

For Example:

### DatePicker.tsx

Create `src/components/DatePicker.tsx`.

Code as follows:

```tsx
import dateFnsGenerateConfig from 'rc-picker/lib/generate/dateFns';
import generatePicker from 'antd/es/date-picker/generatePicker';
import 'antd/es/date-picker/style/index';

const DatePicker = generatePicker<Date>(dateFnsGenerateConfig);

export default DatePicker;
```
